chore: add missing content about renamed plugins; fix links to the new books and remove hardcoded link to 1.2 docs (RHIDP-4293) (#570)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/snip-removed-functionality-rhidp-3187.adoc

[id="removed-functionality-rhidp-3187"]

> = Red Hat and Community Technology Preview (TP) plugins and actions are disabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= {company-name} and Community Technology Preview (TP) plugins and actions are disabled by default

```

> Before this update, some Red Hat and Community Technology Preview (TP) plugins and actions were enabled by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this update, some {company-name} and Community Technology Preview (TP) plugins and actions were enabled by default:

```

* @roadiehq/scaffolder-backend-module-http-request
* @roadiehq/scaffolder-backend-module-utils

> With this update, all plugins supported under the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview scope of support] - both those from Red Hat and the community - are disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this update, all plugins included under the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview scope of support], whether from {company-name} or the community, are now disabled by default.

```

Reviewer 2: now is redundant
